♪ YOU CAN STARVE ME
FOR AFFECTION ♪
♪ TILL MY SOUL'S
JUST SKIN AND BONE ♪
♪ AND MAKE THE WORDS
"I'M SORRY" ♪
♪ FEEL THE SAME
AS THROWING STONES ♪
♪ IN A ROOM
FULL OF YOU ♪
♪ I MIGHT BE
STANDING ALL ALONE ♪
♪ BUT LOVE DON'T DIE EASY ♪
♪ IT WON'T BE DENIED ♪
♪ IT JUST WHAT IT DOES ♪
♪ AND THERE AIN'T
NO WAY TO KILL IT ♪
♪ WHEN IT'S COURSING
THROUGH YOUR BLOOD ♪
♪ SHOOT AN ARROW
THROUGH MY HEART ♪
♪ BUT THE HEART
KEEPS ON BEATING ♪
♪ LOVE DON'T DIE EASY ♪♪
I LOVE THAT SONG.
HOW DID IT FEEL TO WIN
"ALBUM OF THE YEAR"
AT THE GRAMMYS?
[CHUCKLES]
WELL, UH,
NOT TOO LONG AGO,
I WAS PLAYING
IN BARS AND CLUBS
AROUND NASHVILLE,
SO WINNING A GRAMMY'S
BEEN QUITE A CHANGE.
CATHERINE MANN.
IT IS A REAL THRILL TO HAVE
YOU
IN THE STUDIO TODAY.
THANK YOU, STAN.
IT'S A PLEASURE
TO BE HERE.
YOU DISCOVERED BRADLEY,
DIDN'T YOU?
I MEAN, HE WAS ALREADY
WELL-KNOWN IN NASHVILLE,
BUT YOU BROUGHT HIM
TO LOS ANGELES
AND GOT HIM A RECORDING
DEAL.
I INTRODUCED HIM
TO A FEW PEOPLE,
BUT HE'S
A PRETTY TALENTED GUY.
HE GOT HIMSELF
A RECORDING DEAL.
AND THE TWO OF YOU HAVE BEEN
INSEPARABLE EVER SINCE?
[LAUGHS]
I THINK THE FIRST TIME
I HEARD BRADLEY SING...
I FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM.
[DOG YAPPING]
[STAN]:  ARE YOU SAYING
THE TWO OF YOU
MIGHT HAVE SOME NEWS FOR US
ONE DAY?
[BRADLEY]:  WE LIKE TO KEEP
OUR PRIVATE LIFE PRIVATE--
WE'RE ENGAGED
TO BE MARRIED!
NOW, I KNOW
WE AGREED NOT
TO SHARE THIS PUBLICLY,
BUT I JUST WANT THE WORLD
TO KNOW HOW HAPPY I AM.
[STAN]:  WELL!
YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST.
CATHERINE MANN
AND BRADLEY SUTTONS
ARE ENGAGED TO BE MARRIED!
WELL, CONGRATULATIONS,
BRADBIRD.
[CATHERINE]:
ON THE OUTSIDE, HE'S
SHOCKED--
-[KNOCKING]
-...THAT I SHARED IT
PUBLICLY,
BUT ON THE INSIDE--
MORNING, JAMES.
MORNIN'!
WHAT BRINGS YOU OUT HERE
SO EARLY?
-[CLICKS TV OFF]
-WELL...
I HAD TO COME OUT HERE
TO SEE YOU,
SINCE YOU WON'T ANSWER
ANY OF MY PHONE CALLS OR
EMAILS.
WELL, I DON'T GOT TIME
FOR PHONE CALLS AND EMAILS.
I GOT A RANCH TO RUN.
HOW'S YOUR MAMA?
SHE--
SHE'S REAL GOOD.
SHE GET THOSE GARDEN ROSES
I SENT OVER?
SHE DID, AND I--
SHE IS SUCH A SWEET LADY.
YEAH, YEAH, SHE IS.
JAMES, DO YOU
WANT SOME COFFEE?
I'D LOVE
A HALF A CUP OF COFFEE,
BUT YOU NEED TO STOP
CHANGING THE SUBJECT,
NOW, MY MAMA TOLD ME
NEVER TO TALK ABOUT POLITICS
OR MONEY IN MIXED COMPANY.
THERE'S NO GETTING AROUND
THIS, SARAH.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
FORECLOSE ON YOU
AND SELL OFF THIS RANCH,
IF YOU CAN'T FIND A WAY
TO MAKE THE MORTGAGE
PAYMENTS.
IF IT WERE UP TO ME--
IT IS UP TO YOU, JIMMY.
YOU'RE THE PRESIDENT
OF MILLTOWN BANK.
I DON'T OWN THE BANK, SARAH!
[TROUBLED SIGH]
I'M JUST WAITING TO HEAR
IF I GOT THIS GRANT
FROM THE EQUINE
REHABILITATION FUND.
I'VE GIVEN YOU
SIX MONTHS MORE
THAN I HAVE
ANY RIGHT TO,
AND NOW I HAVE NO CHOICE.
[EXHALES]
ONE MONTH.
THAT'S ALL I'M ASKING.
ONE MONTH, SARAH.
THAT TAKES US TO JUNE FIRST.
I WILL TELL YOU WHAT.
IF I DON'T HAVE THE MONEY
BY JUNE 1ST,
I WILL WALK INTO YOUR
OFFICE,
I WILL SHAKE YOUR HAND,
AND I WILL SIGN THIS RANCH
OVER TO YOU.
WELL, THAT'S--
THAT'S FAIR.
YOU NEED ME
TO SIGN SOMETHING?
YOU JUST DID.
[CHUCKLES]
THAT GUY
GREW UP HERE.
BRADLEY SUTTONS.
HE USED TO
LIVE NEXT DOOR.
MOVED AWAY
WHEN HE WAS ABOUT 13,
BUT I BELIEVE HE STILL
OWNS THE HOUSE.
I REMEMBER.
HIS PARENTS WERE KILLED
IN THAT CAR ACCIDENT,
OVER IN GREENBRIER.
MM-HMM.
[JAMES]: MUST BE ABOUT
THE MOST FAMOUS RESIDENT
TO COME OUT OF MILLTOWN.
I GUESS YOU KNEW
HIM PRETTY WELL?
KNEW HIM?
I WAS MARRIED
TO HIM.
[♪♪♪]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
IT'S OKAY TO CRY,
BRADBIRD.
I WON'T TELL ANYONE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I HAVE TO MOVE AWAY FROM
HERE.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
YOU'RE SO SMART
AND EVERYTHING.
I GUESS
I'M SORT OF AN ORPHAN NOW.
I DON'T REALLY HAVE
A FAMILY ANYMORE.
HEY. EVERYONE'S LOOKING
FOR YOU GUYS.
LET'S GET MARRIED.
WHAT?
WE SHOULD GET MARRIED,
THEN WE'LL BE
EACH OTHER'S FAMILY.
WE'RE ONLY 13.
WE CAN'T GET MARRIED.
YES, WE CAN.
THIS IS MY BARN,
SO I MAKE THE RULES.
YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND
AND I SAY WE CAN DO
ANYTHING WE WANT.
WELL, HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO GET MARRIED?
I CAN MARRY YOU.
MY DAD'S A PASTOR.
I'VE SEEN HIM DO IT,
LIKE, A HUNDRED TIMES.
IT'S NOT THAT HARD.
[♪♪♪]
"DEAR BRADBIRD...
"I SAW YOU ON TV,
"AND I COULDN'T HELP
BUT REMEMBER ALL THOSE
YEARS AGO
WHEN WE WERE FRIENDS."
I AM GETTING CALLS
FROM  PEOPLE, FROM  VANITY
FAIR.
THEY ALL WANT TO
PHOTOGRAPH YOUR WEDDING,
AND THEY ARE WILLING
TO PAY HUGE!
NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
WE WANT A PRIVATE WEDDING.
YES, WE WANT SOMETHING
INTIMATE AND PERSONAL.
WHY?
A WEDDING SHOULD BE SHARED
WITH THOSE WHO LOVE YOU
MOST.
YOUR FANS.
BY THE WAY...
THIS CAME FOR YOU.
WHAT IS IT?
WELL, I HAVE NO IDEA.
BUT I BET IT'S A FAN WRITING
YOU A LETTER FOR AN
AUTOGRAPH,
BECAUSE THEY LOVE YOU
AND THEY WANT TO BE
A PART OF YOUR LIFE,
AND THAT IS WHY YOU NEED TO
SHARE THE HAPPY DAY WITH
THEM.
HMM?
FINE. I'LL GIVE IT
TO THE PR DEPARTMENT.
THERE'S SOMETHING
IN HERE.
IT'S FROM A FAN, ALL RIGHT,
A FAN WHO'S CLEARLY
IN LOVE WITH YOU.
SHE SENT YOU A DIAMOND RING.
[GASPS]
I'M SURE IT'S NOT REAL.
THIS IS A TIFFANY CUT
ONE HALF-A-CARAT DIAMOND
IN A WHITE GOLD SETTING,
AND...
IT COMES WITH A LOVE LETTER.
OF COURSE IT DOES!
"DEAR BRADBIRD..."
"I SAW YOU ON TV,
"AND I COULDN'T HELP
BUT REMEMBER
"ALL THOSE YEARS AGO,
WHEN WE WERE FRIENDS.
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT YOU OFTEN
OVER THE YEARS."
"BRADBIRD"? [CHUCKLES]
NO ONE'S CALLED ME THAT
IN AGES.
LET ME SEE THAT.
FIRST LOVE?
WE WERE 13.
AWW! SHE WAS
YOUR GIRLFRIEND?
NO. SHE WAS MY WIFE.
IT WAS THE DAY
OF MY PARENTS' FUNERAL.
I WAS SO SAD AND LOST.
FELT ALONE IN THE WORLD.
SARAH, SHE, UH...
SHE OFFERED TO MARRY ME,
SO I'D HAVE A FAMILY.
THAT'S SO NICE.
SHE WAS A GREAT GIRL.
AND THIS RING...
THIS IS MY MOTHER'S RING.
I THINK I'M JEALOUS.
NO, THE GIRL
I REMEMBER,
SHE WAS REAL SKINNY,
WITH FRECKLES,
AND SHE PREFERRED
HORSES TO PEOPLE.
MM.
YOU KNOW, I STILL OWN
MY PARENTS' HOUSE.
I'VE NEVER BEEN BACK THERE
SINCE THAT DAY.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
DEAL WITH THAT.
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
COME WITH ME,
SEE WHERE I GREW UP.
I'D LOVE TO.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
SHE'S DOING A MOVIE.
YOU'RE UNDER CONTRACT.
WELL, WHY DON'T
YOU GO BACK?
TAKE CARE OF THINGS,
SELL THE HOUSE,
HAVE SOME DOWN-TIME,
AND AFTER WE GET MARRIED,
I'LL GO BACK WITH YOU,
AND SEE WHERE
YOU GREW UP.
I'D LOVE TO KNOW
THAT PART OF YOU.
I'D LIKE THAT.
-I'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT.
-MM-HMM.
[SMOOCHES HER]
A SMALL WEDDING?
IN ITALY?
IN A WAY.
I'VE RENTED
AN ITALIAN VILLA
AND...
ONLY INVITED
MY CLOSEST FRIENDS.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
YOU HAD A PLAN.
[♪♪♪]
I'M JUST HERE
FOR A DAY OR SO,
TO SELL THE HOUSE.
FIGURE THERE'S NO POINT
IN HOLDING ON TO IT.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU PAID OFF
THE MORTGAGE YEARS AGO,
AND THE MAINTENANCE STAFF
THAT TAKES CARE OF THE HOUSE
IS ON RETAINER,
SO ALL YOU NEED TO DO
IS PUT IT ON THE MARKET.
GREAT.
I, UH... [SIGHS]
I-I REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR FOLKS.
IT WAS, UH, WAS A HUGE SHOCK
FOR THIS COMMUNITY,
ONE OF THE TOUGHEST--
SO, I GUESS
THAT'S ALL THE BUSINESS
WE NEED TO TAKE CARE OF?
RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
I WILL PUT YOU IN TOUCH
WITH SALLY HARTFORD.
SHE'S THE LOCAL
REAL ESTATE BROKER
WE USE HERE AT THE BANK.
SHE CAN PUT YOUR HOUSE
ON THE MARKET,
TAKE CARE OF EVERYTHING.
I APPRECIATE THAT, SIR.
THANK YOU.
YEAH, I'M GONNA BE
HERE IN TEXAS
FOR THE NEXT DAY OR SO,
AND THEN I'LL HEAD TO MY
STUDIO
IN NASHVILLE,
AND TRY TO WRITE SOME MORE
MUSIC
BEFORE I HEAD OUT ON TOUR.
HANK, I'M--
I'M GONNA HAVE TO CALL YOU
BACK.
YEAH. ALL RIGHT.
I DIDN'T GIVE YOU
MY ADDRESS, DID I?
[DRIVER]: OH, EVERYBODY
KNOWS
WHERE YOUR HOUSE IS.
YOU'RE PRETTY FAMOUS
HERE IN MILLTOWN.
THEY GOT A SANDWICH NAMED
AFTER YOU DOWN AT THE DINER.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH.
I'M SORRY,
BUT DO I KNOW YOU?
YEAH! WE WENT
TO SCHOOL TOGETHER.
SAM HARTFORD.
"SAMMY" HARTFORD?
-[SAM LAUGHS]
-I DO REMEMBER YOU.
HEY, I PLAY LEAD GUITAR
IN A BAND IN TOWN.
WE PLAY ALL OF YOUR HITS.
THAT'S GREAT.
HERE YOU GO.
OH, YEAH.
[BACK DOOR OPENS]
OH, DON'T YOU WANT YOUR
CHANGE?
YOU KEEP IT.
[♪♪♪]
[BIRDS SINGING]
EXCUSE ME, SIR?
I WAS LOOKING FOR THE FAMILY
WHO USED TO LIVE IN THIS
HOUSE?
THERE WAS A SKINNY LITTLE
GIRL
WITH BROWN HAIR AND
FRECKLES?
[HORSE WHINNIES]
I SAW AN INTERVIEW
YOU DID ONCE,
WHERE YOU SAID YOU'D COME
HOME
TO MILLTOWN WHEN PIGS FLY.
SKY SEEMS CLEAR OF SWINE.
[CHUCKLING]
SARAH STANDOR?
BRADLEY SUTTONS.
YOU LOOK SO DIFFERENT!
WELL, YOU SEEM TO HAVE
OUTGROWN
YOUR AWKWARD PHASE, TOO.
BUT I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S
TRUE.
YOU NEVER HAD AN AWKWARD
PHASE.
YOU'RE JUST HANDSOME AS
EVER.
WHAT BRINGS YOU TO TOWN?
I'M SELLING MY PARENTS'
HOUSE.
I SHOULD HAVE
DEALT WITH IT YEARS AGO,
BUT I NEVER FOUND THE TIME
TO GET BACK HERE.
WELL, TIME DOES FLY
WHEN YOU'RE BUSY
WINNING GRAMMYS,
BECOMING
A SUPERSTAR.
WE'RE ALL REAL PROUD OF YOU.
THANKS.
YOU KNOW,
I'VE BEEN KEEPING UP
YOUR MOTHER'S
FLOWER GARDEN.
THAT'S REAL
NICE OF YOU.
SHE WOULD'VE
APPRECIATED THAT.
MM, FELT LIKE
IT WAS THE LEAST
I COULD DO FOR HER.
SHE'S THE ONE
WHO TAUGHT ME
HOW TO PLANT
AND GROW FLOWERS,
AND NOW I HAVE
A BIG GARDEN OUT BACK.
I SUPPLY THE FLOWERS
FOR MOST OF
THE LOCAL FLORISTS.
YOUR FAMILY STILL
RAISING RACE HORSES?
MY PARENTS
MOVED TO FLORIDA.
THIS PLACE IS
A HORSE-RESCUE RANCH NOW.
PEOPLE GIVE ME
THEIR OLD HORSES
AND SICK HORSES,
AND I TAKE
CARE OF THEM.
SO YOU STAYED IN MILLTOWN?
I STAYED IN MILLTOWN.
WHY?
[LAUGHS]
WHY NOT?
YOU MARRIED? KIDS?
NO. [LAUGHS]
NO, NOT YET.
I WENT
TO VETERINARY SCHOOL,
AND GOT BUSY
WITH THE RANCH,
AND GUESS I JUST FORGOT TO
GET MARRIED AND HAVE
CHILDREN.
WELL,
DR. SARAH STANDOR,
I'M GLAD I HAD THE GOOD
SENSE
TO MARRY YOU WHEN I DID.
IT WAS
A NO-BRAINER.
IT WAS CLEAR I WAS GONNA
BE VERY SUCCESSFUL.
[LAUGHING]
YOU KNOW,
ADAM'S STILL IN TOWN, TOO.
"THREE MUSKETEERS,"
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN.
UH, HOW ABOUT YOUR FIANCEE?
SHE IN TOWN?
I'M-- I'M A BIG FAN.
LOVE TO MEET HER.
NO.
I JUST WANTED TO SLIP INTO
TOWN
TO HANDLE SOME BUSINESS,
SLIP OUT
WITHOUT ANY FUSS.
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN.
AND WHY'S THAT?
JUST, UH...
WHOA!
DIDN'T KNOW THEY HAD
PAPARAZZI IN MILLTOWN.
THEY DON'T.
THOSE ARE JUST FANS.
[EXHALES HEAVILY]
COME ON.
I'LL HELP YOU.
DO YOU REMEMBER
HOW TO RIDE A HORSE?
WELL, IT'S
BEEN A WHILE,
BUT I THINK SO. WHY?
ALL RIGHT,
COME ON, NOW.
NO, NO, NO.
OVER HERE.
HEY, HEY!
IT'S LIKE RIDING
A BICYCLE.
YOU NEVER FORGET!
-WHOA, NOW.
-HANG ON.
WHOA. WHOA!
IT'S BEAUTIFUL,
ISN'T IT?
WOW. IT'S OUR OLD FORT!
[LAUGHING] YEAH!
I'D FORGOTTEN ALL
ABOUT THIS PLACE.
ME, YOU, AND ADAM
BUILT THIS
WHEN WE WERE,
LIKE, 11?
MM-HMM!
IT'S BEEN A DOLLHOUSE,
IT'S BEEN A PLAYHOUSE,
GIRLS-ONLY CLUB,
BOYS-ONLY FORT,
SIMPLER TIMES.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW, YOU ASKED ME WHY
I STAYED HERE IN MILLTOWN.
WELL...
THAT'S WHY I STAYED.
STAYED FOR
THE "SIMPLER TIMES."
RIGHT.
I WAS THINKING MAYBE
WE COULD DO LUNCH, CATCH UP.
"DO" LUNCH?
[LAUGHING] IT'S
JUST AN EXPRESSION.
WELL, RIGHT NOW,
LUNCH FOR ME
IS A SANDWICH
IN ONE HAND
AND A HAMMER
IN THE OTHER.
I'VE GOT ABOUT
A MILE OF THIS FENCE
THAT NEEDS MENDING.
WELL, YOU'VE GOT
FENCES TO MEND
AND I'M MONTHS LATE
DELIVERING A NEW ALBUM,
BUT I THINK WE CAN SPARE
AN HOUR TO CATCH UP.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
OKAY.
MEET ME HERE
TOMORROW, 10:00 A.M.,
WE'LL GO GET ADAM,
AND WE WILL
"DO" LUNCH.
SOUNDS GREAT.
SEE YOU THEN.
OKAY.
WELCOME HOME, BRADBIRD.
IT'S NOT MY HOME ANYMORE...
BUT THANKS.
[♪♪♪]
♪ SO I WAS FEELING LOWDOWN ♪
♪ SHOVELING PAIN BY THE
POUND ♪
♪ LOOKIN' DOWN
AT MY SHOES ♪
[BRADLEY'S STRUMMING
CARRYING
ACROSS FIELD]
♪ FELT LIKE A HUMAN
IN DOUBT ♪
♪ REALLY, MY INSIDE
WAS OUT ♪
♪ VERY HARD TO AMUSE ♪
♪ THEN I HEARD SOMETHING
OUTSIDE ♪
♪ ALL ABOUT A MISTER SUN ♪
♪ SOMEBODY SINGING OUTSIDE ♪
♪ MAKING ME THE LUCKY ONE ♪
♪ YOUR SONG
IT LIFTED MY HEART ♪
[SINGING ALONG]: ♪ YOUR SONG
[BRADLEY]:
♪ LIFTED MY HEART ♪
COME ON.
NICE SHOES.
THEY'RE ITALIAN.
THEY GOT COWBOYS
IN ITALY?
I WASN'T SURE
WHAT TO WEAR.
[LAUGHS]
YOU LOOK REAL GOOD.
THANKS.
AND WHEN WE SAY,
"DO UNTO OTHERS
AS WE WOULD
HAVE THEM DO UNTO US,"
WE MEAN MORE
THAN JUST
"FOLLOW THE COMMANDMENTS."
WE NEED TO TREAT OTHERS
WITH KINDNESS...
AND WITH GENEROSITY OF
SPIRIT.
JUST ASK YOURSELF
FOR ONE MOMENT...
"HOW WOULD I
LIKE TO BE TREATED?"
"WHAT MUST IT BE LIKE
TO BE IN THAT OTHER PERSON'S
SITUATION?"
-THANK YOU FOR COMIN'.
-THANK YOU.
YOU HAVE
A GOOD SUNDAY NOW.
THAT'S GOOD.
WHEW! WELL...
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SEE YOU BACK HERE.
I LIKED WHAT
YOU SAID IN THERE.
THANKS.
BUT I SHOULD
TELL YOU,
I GOT IT OUT OF A BOOK,
SO IT'S NOT TOTALLY
ORIGINAL.
SO... UH, LUNCH?
YOU KNOW, I'M REALLY
CRAVING SUSHI.
GOOD!
'CAUSE WHERE WE'RE GOING,
IT'S ABOUT THE ONLY THING
THEY GOT ON THE MENU.
THIS IS REAL NICE.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER
COMING HERE
AFTER CHURCH ON SUNDAYS
WHEN WE WERE KIDS?
THERE'S A LOT ABOUT THOSE
YEARS
I BLOCKED OUT.
SOME WOUNDS JUST DON'T HEAL.
YOU KNOW, THIS FEELS
LIKE MINDFUL AWARENESS.
WHAT?
THAT'S SOMETHING
CATHERINE AND I DO
BACK IN L.A.
PAY TO GO
TO THIS PLACE
THAT DOES YOGA
AND MEDITATION.
THEY TEACH YOU
HOW TO BE AWARE
OF WHAT'S
IN FRONT OF YOU,
AND LET GO OF THE PAST
AND THE FUTURE...
STAY QUIET,
IN THE MOMENT.
[LAUGHING]
YOU PAYIN' MONEY FOR THAT?
[LAUGHS HARD]
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
YOU'RE PAYING MONEY
TO SIT STILL AND BE QUIET!
YOU HEAR THAT?
WHAT?
THAT'S SILENCE.
IT'S NOT
YESTERDAY'S SILENCE,
NOT TOMORROW'S SILENCE.
YOU'RE IN IT RIGHT NOW,
AND IT IS FREE OF CHARGE.
I GET IT.
[CHUCKLES]
SO TELL ME
ABOUT CATHERINE.
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL.
AND SMART.
SHE'S VERY TALENTED.
WELL, I KNOW THAT MUCH
FROM READING  PEOPLE MAGAZINE
AT THE DENTIST.
COME ON! WHAT'S
SHE REALLY LIKE?
WELL, SHE'S FUNNY,
AND SHE'S GOT
A HUGE HEART.
SHE'S BEEN FAMOUS
SINCE SHE WAS A KID,
SO SHE'S USED TO IT,
YOU KNOW?
SHE'S TAUGHT ME A LOT.
YOU ARE A LUCKY GUY.
I KNOW.
NO ONE FOR YOU?
OH, THERE
WAS SOMEONE ONCE,
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
WHY?
WELL, WE WANTED
DIFFERENT THINGS.
I WANTED
A REAL COMMITMENT
AND HE WANTED...
[LAUGHING]
THE OPPOSITE.
SORRY.
YEAH, WELL,
DIDN'T MATTER.
HE WASN'T THE ONE.
WHAT'S WRONG?
OHH, IT'S NOT...
I'M JUST--
WAITING ON A LETTER
THAT HASN'T ARRIVED YET.
WELL, THANKS AGAIN
FOR EVERYTHING.
IT WAS REALLY GREAT
TO SEE YOU AND ADAM.
I'LL PROBABLY
LEAVE TOWN SOON,
SO I'M GLAD WE GOT TO CATCH
UP.
AND THANKS
FOR SENDING THAT RING.
I'M HAPPY YOU'RE FINALLY
GONNA
USE IT ON A REAL BRIDE.
[BOTH CHUCKLING]
IT WAS GREAT TO SEE YOU,
BRADBIRD.
[BRADLEY]: YOU TOO.
-TAKE CARE.
-ALL RIGHT.
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
♪ WHEN YOU GOT SOMETHING
YOU KNOW IS TRUE ♪
♪ A MAN DOES
WHAT HE HAS TO DO ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, A COWBOY
RIDES AWAY ♪
[STOPS STRUMMING]
♪ SOMETIMES, HE RIDES BACK
HOME
TO STAY ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ HE WAS JUST 13
WITHOUT A CLUE ♪
♪ WHEN HE TUMBLED LIKE A
WEED
OUT WEST ♪
♪ HE MADE A COUPLE
DREAMS COME TRUE ♪
♪ BUT HE ALWAYS MISSED
THE LIFE HE LEFT ♪
♪ FROM ALBUQUERQUE
TO ABILENE ♪
♪ TO BAKERSFIELD
AND BACK AGAIN ♪
♪ HE SAID, "FOR ALL THE
WORLD
THAT I HAVE SEEN" ♪
♪ "HOME'S THE BEST PLACE
THAT I'VE EVER BEEN" ♪
♪ WHEN YOU GOT SOMETHING
YOU KNOW IS TRUE ♪
♪ A MAN DOES WHAT HE HAS TO
DO ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, THE COWBOY
RIDES AWAY ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, HE RIDES
BACK HOME TO STAY ♪
♪ WHEN YOU GOT SOMETHING
YOU KNOW IS TRUE ♪
♪ A MAN DOES WHAT HE HAS TO
DO ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, THE COWBOY
RIDES AWAY ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, HE RIDES
BACK HOME TO STAY ♪♪
DON'T WORRY.
MY FUNDING'S GONNA COME
THROUGH
ANY DAY.
I'LL ACTUALLY BE ABLE
TO PAY ALL THESE BILLS.
AND THE KITCHEN HAS TWO
OVENS.
NOT MANY OF THESE OLDER
HOUSES
HAVE TWO OVENS.
AND THREE BEDROOMS!
MM-HMM!
HEY! WHAT'S GOING ON?
[GASPS] YOU'RE STILL HERE?
I'M SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU LEFT DAYS AGO!
I'M SALLY HARTFORD,
THE REAL ESTATE BROKER.
MR. FERGO FROM
THE BANK SENT ME.
I DECIDED TO STAY A WHILE.
WOULD YOU MIND
IF WE JUST TOOK A LITTLE--
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA--
MAYBE WE SHOULD--
...LET MR. SUTTONS
WAKE UP A BIT, AND, UH...
THAT'D BE NICE.
...PUT SOME CLOTHES ON.
I DON'T MIND!
WE'LL COME BACK LATER.
-YEAH.
-COME ON, NOW.
-THERE WE GO.
-ALL RIGHT.
-SORRY.
-BYE, NOW.
I LOVE YOUR MUSIC.
YOU'RE MY FAVORITE SINGER.
YOU PROBABLY DON'T REMEMBER
ME,
BUT WE WENT TO SCHOOL
TOGETHER.
I USED TO BE SALLY
BRUNSWICK?
YEAH, NO...
I-I-I'M SORRY.
I DON'T...
-I'M GONNA GO NOW. OKAY.
-ALL RIGHT.
[♪♪♪]
HEY, SARAH!
-HEY!
-HEY.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE LEAVING?
I DECIDED TO STICK AROUND
HERE
FOR A FEW MORE DAYS,
WRITE SOME MUSIC.
WELL, GREAT.
GUESS I'LL SEE YOU AROUND,
THEN.
YEAH! YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU AROUND.
OKAY.
[BRADLEY STRUMMING QUIETLY]
[TRUCK RUMBLING]
HEY!
THOSE ARE BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU.
JUST DRIVING 'EM INTO TOWN
TO SOME OF THE FLORISTS.
WE GOT THREE WEDDINGS
THIS WEEKEND.
I REALLY THINK IT'S THE
FLOWERS
THAT MAKE A WEDDING.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW, TOMORROW MORNING,
I'M GONNA "DO FISHIN',"
IF YOU WANT TO COME.
[LAUGHS]
YOU'RE GONNA "DO" FISHING?
THAT'S JUST AN EXPRESSION.
IS IT, NOW?
YOU WANNA COME?
YEAH, SURE.
YOU KNOW, I HAVEN'T
FELT THIS RELAXED
IN A LONG TIME.
I'M USUALLY RUNNING
TO CATCH A PLANE
OR PLAY A CONCERT.
WELL, THAT
SOUNDS EXCITING.
WAS, AT FIRST.
GETS OLD FAST.
WAKING UP IN A DIFFERENT
HOTEL SUITE EVERY MORNING,
NOT KNOWING
WHAT CITY YOU'RE IN
UNTIL YOU OPEN THE DOOR
AND LOOK AT THE NEWSPAPER.
CINCINNATI POST.
THE OREGONIAN.
NEW YORK TIMES.
THE L.A. TIMES.
YEAH, ALL THOSE
FIRST-CLASS FLIGHTS,
AND FANCY HOTEL SUITES,
AND BIG BANK ACCOUNTS--
BEING RICH AND FAMOUS
SOUNDS ROUGH!
YOU'RE MAKING
FUN OF ME AGAIN.
AM I?
I THOUGHT WE WERE
JUST CATCHING UP.
[♪♪♪]
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT
IS
ABOUT BEING BACK HERE
IN THE HOUSE I GREW UP IN,
BUT I'M WRITING MUSIC
LIKE I DID YEARS AGO.
I MEAN,
IT'S JUST FLOWING OUT OF
ME.
THAT'S GREAT.
I'M SO HAPPY FOR YOU.
I'M NOT GOING TO NASHVILLE.
I'M GONNA STAY HERE AND
WRITE.
[CATHERINE]:
I MISS YOU.
YEAH. YOU KNOW,
I WISH YOU WERE HERE,
AND I COULD TAKE YOU OUT
ON A LONG HIKE BEFORE DAWN,
THEN FISHING IN THE CREEK.
THAT SOUNDS LOVELY.
I'M SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU
IN ITALY FOR OUR WEDDING.
NOW TURN?
NOW, JUST YOU, ME,
AND THE ITALIAN COUNTRYSIDE,
RIGHT?
OF COURSE.
I MEAN, THERE ARE
SOME MINOR DETAILS TO
CONSIDER.
[GASPS]
OH, PRECIOUS!
IT ISN'T A WEDDING
WITHOUT FLOWERS AND A CAKE.
I'VE BEEN SO BUSY WORKING,
I'VE HIRED SOMEONE
TO TAKE CARE OF ALL OF THAT.
WELL, I JUST
WANT TO GET MARRIED
IN A PLACE THAT REMINDS US
THAT BEING TOGETHER
IS ALL THAT MATTERS.
ANOTHER TURN?
SOME PLACE
WHERE THE WORLD CAN'T FIND
US.
JUST YOU...
ME, WHERE THE WORLD
CAN'T FIND US.
THAT SOUNDS... WONDERFUL.
[BRADLEY]:
GOOD. I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
[HORSE NICKERS AND WHINNIES]
[♪♪♪]
[ADAM]:  AND BECAUSE
YOU'RE BEST FRIENDS...
AND BECAUSE YOU WANT
TO BE FAMILY FOREVER,
I ASK YOU, BRADLEY,
WILL YOU TAKE SARAH
TO BE YOUR WEDDED WIFE
FOREVER?
DO YOU PROMISE TO CARE FOR
HER
AND OBEY HER--
"OBEY"?
THAT'S IN THERE?
I THINK SO.
I GUESS I DO.
AND I PROMISE, TOO.
OH. DO YOU HAVE A RING?
IT'S REALLY PRETTY.
IT'S MY MOM'S.
[ADAM]: NOW,
REPEAT AFTER ME--
"WITH THIS RING..."
WITH THIS RING...
"I THEE WED..."
I THEE WED.
OH!
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU MARRIED.
YOU MAY KISS THE BRIDE.
[♪♪♪]
[LAUGHS]
MEMORIES?
YEAH.
WELL, IT HASN'T
CHANGED MUCH, HAS IT?
NOT A BIT.
SO HOW'S
YOUR SONGWRITING GOING?
GREAT.
GOOD.
I JUST MADE A DECISION.
THIS IS WHERE
I WANT TO GET MARRIED.
YOU CAN'T GET MARRIED HERE.
WHY?
UH... [LAUGHS]
WELL, IT WAS FINE
FOR A PRETEND WEDDING,
WHEN WE WERE KIDS,
BUT CATHERINE MANN WILL NOT
WANT TO GET MARRIED HERE.
YOU DON'T KNOW HER
LIKE I DO.
SHE WANTS TO LIVE A NORMAL
LIFE,
BUT SHE JUST DOESN'T KNOW
HOW.
ACADEMY AWARD-WINNER
CATHERINE MANN
WILL NOT WANT TO GET MARRIED
IN AN OLD BARN!
I THINK HAVING A WEDDING
OUT OF THE SPOTLIGHT,
AWAY FROM THE MEDIA,
IS JUST WHAT SHE NEEDS.
REALLY?
TELL YOU WHAT.
I'LL HELP YOU
MEND YOUR FENCE,
IF YOU HELP ME
PLAN MY WEDDING.
LET ME SEE YOUR HANDS.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU WORKED WITH YOUR HANDS?
I TOUR
200 DAYS OUT OF THE YEAR!
I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT
STRUMMING A GUITAR,
I NEED A COWBOY FOR THIS
JOB!
I AM PERFECTLY CAPABLE
OF MENDING A FENCE.
WELL, WE'LL SEE.
ALL RIGHT.
I AM NOT GETTING MARRIED
IN A BARN.
HE DOESN'T LITERALLY MEAN
AN ACTUAL BARN, DOES HE?
YES! HE'S TRYING TO PROTECT
ME
FROM THE MEDIA,
OFFERING ME A CHANCE
TO BE...
ORDINARY?
NORMAL.
WHY WOULD
YOU WANT TO BE NORMAL?
EVERYONE WANTS TO BE
SPECIAL!
EVERYONE WANTS TO BE YOU.
I LOVE THAT HE'S TRYING TO
HELP ME HAVE A NORMAL LIFE.
OH, YEAH, THAT'S FUN.
OH, THAT'S FUN, YES.
HE IS THE MOST THOUGHTFUL
MAN
I HAVE EVER KNOWN.
HE'S PLANNING
EVERYTHING HIMSELF.
HE'S ORDERING
FLOWERS AND A CAKE,
HIS CHILDHOOD BEST FRIEND
IS GOING TO MARRY US.
HOW LUCKY AM I?
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
WELL, I NEED TO FINISH
SHOOTING THIS MOVIE,
AND HE'S WRITING MUSIC
FOR THE FIRST TIME IN
MONTHS,
SO EVERYTHING WILL BE FINE.
GIVE IT TO ME.
-HOW?
-BEAUTIFUL. BEAUTIFUL.
I'LL GO TO TEXAS AFTER WE
WRAP.
WE'LL GET MARRIED IN THE
BARN.
IT WILL BE A PERFECT,
SWEET MOMENT,
FILLED WITH WONDERFUL
MEMORIES
THAT WE'LL CHERISH FOREVER,
AND THEN WE'LL GO TO ITALY
FOR OUR ONE-OF-A-KIND...
AMAZING WEDDING.
ARE YOU SURE YOU
DON'T WANT TO CHANGE?
I'M FINE.
YOU KNOW, I WASN'T
GONNA BE HERE LONG,
SO THIS IS ALL
THAT I BROUGHT.
WELL, YOU'RE GONNA RUIN
YOUR ITALIAN
COWBOY LOAFERS.
CAN I AT LEAST
GET YOU WORK GLOVES?
WORK GLOVES?
NO, I'M GOOD.
OKAY. SUIT YOURSELF.
[♪♪♪]
YOU WANT ME
TO MAKE YOU DINNER?
N-NO, I WAS GONNA
HEAD ON HOME
AND CALL IT A DAY.
OKAY.
[CHUCKLING QUIETLY]
SEE YOU TOMORROW?
YES, YOU WILL.
[♪♪♪]
I BET YOU HE IS BOOKING
A FIRST-CLASS FLIGHT
BACK TO HOLLYWOOD
RIGHT SOON, HMM?
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHING]
NICE BOOTS.
THEY WERE MY DAD'S.
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S GET TO WORK!
HE WAS A GOOD MAN.
YOU FILL
HIS BOOTS WELL.
THANKS.
THEY'D BE REAL PROUD OF YOU.
[SARAH]:
OKAY, THIS MIGHT STING A
BIT.
[GASPS]
SORRY.
I'M JUST KIDDING.
IT'S FINE, GO AHEAD.
YOU KNOW, YOU DID
REAL GOOD TODAY.
THANKS.
GUESS YOU CELEBRITIES
HAVE "PEOPLE"
WHO DO ALL YOUR
HEAVY-LIFTING FOR YOU?
OH, YEAH.
I MEAN, I USUALLY
HAVE MY BUTLERS
DO MY FENCE-MENDING.
-OH?
-MM-HMM.
WELL, I GAVE MY STAFF
THE NIGHT OFF,
YOU KNOW, OTHERWISE
THEY'D BE HERE
COOKING AND CLEANING--
-RIGHT.
-...BRUSHING MY HAIR FOR ME.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE
PRETTY GOOD AT THIS.
WELL, I PAID ENOUGH
TO LEARN HOW TO DO IT.
YOU'RE WEARING GOOD
GLOVES TOMORROW, OKAY?
YES, MA'AM.
ALL BETTER.
BACK IN BUSINESS.
[CHUCKLES]
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
SOME DINNER.
[♪♪♪]
HI THERE.
WHAT CAN I GET FOR YOU
FOLKS?
WELL, WE WILL HAVE
TWO "BRADLEY SUTTONS"
SANDWICHES
AND TWO COKES.
YOU KNOW,
HE USED TO LIVE HERE.
I HEARD HE USED TO BE
MARRIED
TO A LOCAL GAL.
[SERVER]: NO WAY.
I KNOW EVERYTHING THERE IS
TO KNOW ABOUT BRADLEY
SUTTONS,
AND HE NEVER MARRIED.
NOW, HE IS ENGAGED
TO MISS CATHERINE MANN.
AND...
HE LOVES
A GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH.
[BRADLEY CHUCKLES]
OH, SHE'S GONNA
KICK HERSELF LATER.
YEAH.
OKAY, SO YOU'RE TAKING CARE
OF THE FLOWERS,
NOW WE NEED A CAKE
AND SOME MUSIC--
WHAT IS CATHERINE'S
FAVORITE FLOWER?
I DON'T-- I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR
FIANCEE'S
FAVORITE FLOWER?
I'VE SENT HER FLOWERS
PLENTY OF TIMES,
BUT USUALLY, MY MANAGER
HANDLES
SENDING THEM, AND...
HER MANAGER
USUALLY RECEIVES THEM FOR
HER.
WELL, HOW ROMANTIC.
-[LAUGHS]
-YEAH.
SO, UH, WHICH ONE
DO YOU LIKE?
I REALLY LIKE WHEN THEY GOT
FLOWERS ALL OVER THEM,
AND THAT WAY,
EVERYBODY GETS A LITTLE
FLOWER
WITH THEIR PIECE OF CAKE.
WHAT'S CATHERINE'S
FAVORITE FLAVOR?
I DON'T REALLY KNOW.
SHE NEVER
ORDERS DESSERT.
WELL, NO, NO,
OF COURSE, SHE DOESN'T.
WHAT'S HER
FAVORITE COLOR?
I-I... I'M NOT
EXACTLY SURE.
SHE WEARS
A LOT OF BLACK.
WAIT. YOU DON'T KNOW
YOUR FIANCEE'S
FAVORITE FLOWER,
HER FAVORITE FLAVOR,
OR FAVORITE COLOR?
WELL, YOU'D BETTER.
HEY, MONICA.
WE'RE GONNA NEED A CAKE
FOR A WEDDIN'.
YOU FINALLY DECIDED
TO SETTLE DOWN?
WELL, WHO'S THE LUCKY--
...CAKE?
YEP! CAKE! 'CAUSE THAT'S
WHATCHA DO HERE, RIGHT,
MONICA?
UH... YES, OF COURSE.
WE DO CAKES!
GOOD, 'CAUSE BRADLEY IS
GONNA
NEED A CAKE FOR HIS WEDDING.
I AM SO HAPPY
FOR YOU AND CATHERINE.
I THINK Y'ALL ARE PERFECT
FOR EACH OTHER.
I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU'D BE FAMOUS.
SO!
WHEN IS THE BIG DAY?
JUNE 1ST.
WHOO...
THAT'S ONLY
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AWAY.
BUT, FOR YOU,
I'LL MAKE IT WORK.
THANK YOU, MONICA.
I'LL TAKE THE COCONUT.
YOU CAN'T
HAVE THAT ONE!
CATHERINE MANN
IS ALLERGIC TO COCONUT.
SHE IS?
SHE SAID SO,
ON THE TONIGHT SHOW.
TWO YEARS AGO.
OKAY. NO COCONUT.
SO? HOW MANY
LAYERS DO WE WANT?
I DON'T KNOW, UM... TWO?
TWO.
JUST TWO?
[CURTAIN MOTOR WHIRRING]
[WOMEN GASPING]
-OH!
-IT'S PERFECT.
SHE IS SO RIGHT.
ALTHOUGH...
DO YOU THINK
IT COULD BE TALLER?
YES.
OF COURSE.
BUT HOW WILL YOU
GET IT THERE?
ALL THE WAY TO ITALY?
IT WILL FALL OVER.
I WILL FLY YOU
ON A PRIVATE JET,
AND YOU CAN BAKE IT THERE.
IS THAT NECESSARY?
YOU ONLY GET MARRIED ONCE.
[CHUCKLES]
SHE'S RIGHT.
[HORSE WHINNIES]
BACK UP.
THERE YOU GO, BUDDY.
WHOA.
[HORSE WHINNIES]
YEAH. YEAH.
LET'S GO. YEAH.
THERE YOU GO.
NO, I DON'T WANT TO
LEAVE ANOTHER MESSAGE.
I JUST--
OKAY, FINE.
PLEASE TELL THEM
SARAH STANDOR CALLED AGAIN.
I'M STILL WAITING TO HEAR
IF I GOT
THE EQUINE RESCUE GRANT.
THE BANK'S GONNA
FORECLOSE ON MY PROPERTY
IN ABOUT TWO WEEKS.
I GOT 18 HORSES WHO WON'T
HAVE ANYWHERE TO GO--
OKAY. YEAH.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
[BEEP]
[SIGHING]
YOU LIKE LIVING ON
A RANCH ALL ALONE?
I'M NOT ALONE.
I GOT MY HORSES AND MY DOGS
AND MY FLOWERS.
IS THAT ENOUGH?
NO. BUT I WANT
WHAT MY PARENTS HAVE,
AND THAT DOESN'T
COME ALONG EVERY DAY.
AH.
TRUE LOVE?
OH, COME ON!
YOU DON'T BELIEVE IN TRUE
LOVE?
I THINK YOU FIND
SOMEONE YOU CARE ABOUT.
SOMEONE WHOSE
COMPANY YOU ENJOY,
WHO LIKES THE SAME
THINGS YOU LIKE,
WANTS THE SAME
THINGS YOU WANT.
AFTER THAT,
IT'S HARD WORK
AND COMPROMISE.
I WANT SOMEONE WHO'S GONNA
LOVE ME FOREVER NO MATTER
WHAT,
WHO WANTS TO WALK THROUGH
LIFE
LEANING UP AGAINST ME
SO NEITHER ONE
OF US FALLS.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS
REAL ROMANTIC...
BUT NOT
VERY REALISTIC.
I AGREE, IT IS RARE.
PLUS, YOU ONLY GET
ONE SHOT AT IT,
AND EVEN THEN, YOU GOT TO BE
IN THE RIGHT PLACE
TO RECOGNIZE IT
AND CHOOSE IT AND FIGHT FOR
IT.
SO THIS, UH,
MAGICAL RELATIONSHIP,
IT ONLY HAPPENS
ONCE IN A LIFETIME?
YUP.
AND YOU GOT TO BE
IN THE RIGHT PLACE
AT THE RIGHT TIME,
OR YOU MISS IT?
YEP.
I THINK YOU'VE READ
TOO MANY ROMANCE NOVELS.
[LAUGHS]
MAYBE, BUT I'M NOT
GONNA SETTLE FOR LESS.
WELL, I HOPE YOU GET
YOUR HAPPILY-EVER-AFTER.
YOU DESERVE IT.
[HORSE WHINNYING]
SO YOU'RE REALLY
GONNA GET MARRIED HERE?
WELL...
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO DO
SOME SERIOUS CLEANING UP.
TRUE.
YOU GOT THAT?
COME ON.
[LAUGHING]
COME HERE.
-HEY, HEY!
-COME HERE.
GO!
[BRADLEY]: I WIN.
AGH!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
HOW DO YOU LIKE IT?
TAKE THAT!
[LAUGHING]
NOW, WHY DID YOU BRING ME
ALL THE WAY OUT HERE?
WELL, YOU'VE BEEN
WORKING SO HARD,
I THOUGHT WE'D TAKE
A NIGHT OFF
AND GO TO THE MOVIES.
THE MOVIES?
COWBOY STYLE.
LIE BACK.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS ONE OF
MY FAVORITES.
IT STARS THE BIG
AND LITTLE DIPPER
IN ONE OF THEIR
BEST ADVENTURES.
I LOVE THIS MOVIE.
I REMEMBER WATCHING
IT WHEN I WAS A KID.
THIS IS THE SEQUEL.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN
LISTENING TO YOU
PLAY YOUR NEW SONGS
AT NIGHT.
THEY SOUND REAL GOOD.
THEY REMIND ME A LOT
OF THE ONES YOU WROTE
WHEN YOU WERE
FIRST STARTING OUT.
YOU KNOW, THAT TAKE YOU
ON A JOURNEY,
MAKE YOU
FEEL SOMETHING.
YOU REALLY THINK SO?
WELL, WHY WOULD I SAY IT
IF IT WASN'T TRUE?
THE WORLD I LIVE IN
IS FULL OF PEOPLE
WHO TELL ME WHAT
THEY THINK I WANT TO HEAR.
I'LL NEVER DO THAT.
GOOD.
[SIGHS]
SO, CAN I
TELL YOU SOMETHING
TRUTHFULLY?
SURE.
THAT HAT.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
WELL, YOU THINK IT MAKES YOU
LOOK LIKE A COWBOY, BUT--
I LOVE THIS HAT, OKAY?
IT'S NEW.
MY MANAGER, HANK,
SENT IT TO ME FOR MY TOUR.
OKAY, WELL,
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
A REAL COWBOY WOULD
NEVER WEAR A NEW HAT.
HEY...
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S BETTER.
OH, MAN.
YOU KNOW, THIS WAS
A GOOD PLACE TO GROW UP.
WELL, I'M GLAD
YOU REMEMBER THAT.
YOU AND CATHERINE
TALKED ABOUT
WHERE YOU WANT TO
SETTLE DOWN,
RAISE YOUR CHILDREN?
I DON'T KNOW
IF CATHERINE WANTS
TO HAVE CHILDREN.
DO YOU?
SURE.
WELL...
YOU'RE GETTING MARRIED,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T DISCUSSED
WHETHER YOU WANT A FAMILY?
WELL, CELEBRITIES
ARE AN ODD BREED.
I AM NOT A CELEBRITY.
YES, CLEARLY.
[CROWD MURMURING IN WONDER]
[CHUCKLING]
I LOVE THIS PLACE.
MINT CHIP, RIGHT?
VERY GOOD.
COME ON.
[CROWD MURMURS GROW]
[WOMAN]: EXCUSE ME, SIR?
SIR, CAN I GET
YOUR AUTOGRAPH?
HOW MANY GUESTS
ARE YOU THINKING OF HAVING?
I HADN'T THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
I WORK WITH
A LOT OF PEOPLE,
BUT I DON'T HAVE
A LOT OF TIME
TO SOCIALIZE.
I BET SHE'S GOT
SOME FANCY DESIGNER
MAKING HER A GOWN.
YOU'RE PROBABLY RIGHT.
COME ON,
LET'S GET YOU A TUXEDO.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE
A VERY FANCY GROOM.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
SOMETHING DOESN'T FEEL
RIGHT.
YOU KNOW,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SOMETHING IS MISSING.
HOLD ON.
YUP.
THERE.
NOW YOU'RE ALL SET.
OH, YEAH.
NOW I FEEL GOOD.
[CHUCKLING]
LOOKS GOOD.
DO YOU HAVE
YOUR DRESS YET?
OH, NO. NO, I'M...
DON'T SAY ANOTHER WORD.
I HAVE THE PERFECT
DRESS FOR YOU.
WELL...
[CHUCKLES]
[PEN SCRIBBLING]
THANK YOU.
[♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES]
SHE'S RIGHT,
IT'S PERFECT.
IF I EVER DO GET MARRIED,
THIS IS THE DRESS
I'M GONNA WEAR.
YOU LOOK LIKE A PRINCESS.
YOU MAKE A LOVELY
BRIDE AND GROOM.
OH, NO, NO,
WE'RE NOT GETTING MARRIED.
NOT AGAIN ANYWAY.
WE GOT MARRIED
YEARS AGO.
YEAH.
I SEE.
YUP, I'M MARRYING
A NEW BRIDE.
YOU BRING YOUR OLD BRIDE
TO THE STORE
TO TRY ON A DRESS
FOR YOUR NEW BRIDE?
THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, WELL, WELL.
[LAUGHING]
[CHURCH BELL RINGING]
NOW, GOD SAYS
TO LOVE YOUR ENEMIES.
NOW, THAT HAS TO BE
ONE OF THE HARDEST
COMMANDMENTS
ON THE LIST...
[CROWD WHISPERING IN
EXCITEMENT]
...THESE DAYS,
WHAT WITH THE NEWS AND
INTERNET
FULL OF...
[EVERYONE WHISPERING
DISTRACTEDLY]
WELL, I THINK
WHAT'S MOST IMPORTANT IN
LIFE
IS THAT WE ALL
PAINT OUR HOUSES PURPLE.
I BELIEVE WE'LL BE
BETTER PEOPLE
IF WE PAINT OUR HOUSES
PURPLE,
WITH, UM...
PINK POLKA DOTS, TOO.
EXCUSE ME.
UM, CAN I--CAN I HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION, Y'ALL?
SO SORRY, PASTOR ADAM,
I JUST HAVE
AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE.
[CLEARS THROAT]
BRADLEY SUTTONS,
HOMEGROWN COUNTRY MUSIC
STAR,
WOULD LIKE TO INVITE YOU ALL
TO ATTEND HIS WEDDING
TO MOVIE STAR
CATHERINE MANN.
IT'S GONNA BE HELD
ON JUNE 1ST
IN MY BARN.
SO UNTIL THEN,
LET'S GIVE BRADLEY SOME
PRIVACY
AND LET'S GET BACK
TO PASTOR ADAM,
AND HIS BEAUTIFUL SERMON,
OKAY?
THANK YOU, SARAH.
[ORGAN RESUMES]
[QUIETLY] YOU JUST INVITED
50 STRANGERS TO MY WEDDING.
THEY AREN'T STRANGERS.
MOST OF THEM HAVE KNOWN YOU
SINCE YOU WERE A KID,
AND THEY ALL LOVED YOU
BEFORE YOU WERE A BIG STAR.
[SCOFFS]
IT WAS REAL NICE OF YOU
TO INVITE THE TOWN
TO YOUR WEDDING.
[SCOFFS]
IT JUST SEEMED LIKE
THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
I THINK BEING HOME
HAS BEEN HEALING FOR YOU.
OPENING YOUR HEART WILL
LEAD TO A PEACEFUL LIFE.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
HOW ARE THE WEDDING
PLANS COMING?
WELL... WE'RE DONE.
I'M SURE LOOKING FORWARD
TO MEETING CATHERINE.
YOU MUST LOVE HER VERY MUCH.
I DO.
[LINE UNREELING]
WHOA.
HEY, NOW!
HEY!
[LAUGHING IN TRIUMPH]
YEAH!
HERE SHE IS!
COME ON, BABY.
OH! OH, THAT'S
A BIG ONE! YES!
[LAUGHING AND SPLASHING]
[LAUGHING] YEAH!
YOU DID IT!
[LAUGHING]
NICE WORK!
YOU LEARN FAST.
I THINK THAT WHOLE
COUNTRY STAR PERSONA
IS A PUT-ON.
YOU'RE REALLY JUST A COWBOY
DEEP DOWN.
WELL, MY DAD WAS.
I THINK THAT'S WHERE
MY LIFE WAS HEADED BEFORE...
HE AND MY MOM DIED.
I GUESS WE NEVER KNOW
WHAT LIFE'S
GOING TO THROW AT US, DO WE?
YOU KNOW,
WHEN I MOVED TO NASHVILLE,
LIVING IN THE CITY
WAS SUCH A CHANGE,
I DON'T THINK I EVER REALLY
GOT USED TO IT.
YOUR ROOTS ARE
ALWAYS YOUR ROOTS.
YOU KNOW, I THINK I FORGOT
WHAT BEING HOME
WAS SUPPOSED TO FEEL LIKE.
YOU KNOW, I SPENT SO MUCH
TIME
TRYING TO FORGET
THIS PLACE, BUT...
BEING HERE BACK HERE,
WITH YOU,
IT'S BRINGING IT ALL BACK.
THIS IS HOME.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I TOLD YOU ALL THAT.
I MEAN, I NEVER...
I NEVER REALLY
TALK ABOUT THIS STUFF.
FOR HELPING ME FIND MY WAY
BACK TO WHO I WAS.
YOU'RE GOING TO NEED MUSIC
FOR YOUR WEDDING.
YEAH.
THERE'S A GREAT BAND IN
TOWN,
AND THEY'RE PLAYING
TOMORROW NIGHT
IF YOU WANT TO GO SEE 'EM.
THAT'D BE GREAT.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS]
EVENING.
HI.
YOU ALL SET?
MM-HMM.
YOU CLEAN UP REAL GOOD
FOR A COWGIRL.
WELL, THANK YOU, KIND SIR.
THESE ARE MY SATURDAY
GO-TO-TOWN BOOTS.
WELL, LET'S GET.
[♪♪♪]
HI. HOW ARE YA?
HOW YOU DOING, ADAM?
GO FOR A TOUR
AROUND THE FLOOR?
MAYBE AFTER A FEW.
-LET ME TAKE THAT.
-THANK YOU.
[SONG ENDS, CROWD CHEERS]
THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
THANK YOU!
[♪♪♪]
THEY'RE GOOD.
YOU'RE GONNA NEED,
YOU KNOW,
ROMANTIC
DANCING MUSIC, TOO.
YOU WANT TO DANCE?
YEAH, OKAY.
DO YOU DANCE?
I TRY.
[LAUGHS]
ARE YOU READY? BECAUSE
I'M GONNA SPIN YOU.
OH, YOU HAVE MOVES?
OH--
WALL.
OH, YEAH.
THAT WAS A SURPRISE.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ FACE OF LOVE... ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ THE FACE OF LOVE ♪
♪ LIKE A CHAMELEON ♪
♪ FACE OF LOVE ♪
[♪♪♪]
[SONG ENDS]
[CROWD CHEERING]
THANK YOU!
NOW, WE'VE GOT A VERY
SPECIAL TREAT FOR Y'ALL
TONIGHT.
WE HAVE COUNTRY SUPERSTAR
AND MILLTOWN'S OWN
BRADLEY SUTTONS IN THE
HOUSE!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
I'D LIKE TO INVITE HIM UP
TO JOIN THE BAND FOR A SONG.
[CROWD CHEERING]
COME ON UP!
[CHEERING AND CLAPPING]
OKAY, BOYS.
"LOVE DON'T DIE EASY"?
HOWDY, Y'ALL.
[CHEERING]
IT'S, UH...
IT'S GOOD TO BE HOME.
[♪♪♪]
♪ YOU CAN STARVE ME
FOR AFFECTION ♪
♪ TILL MY SOUL'S
JUST SKIN AND BONE ♪
♪ MAKE THE WORDS "I'M SORRY"
♪
♪ FEEL THE SAME
AS THROWIN' STONES ♪
♪ IN A ROOM FULL OF YOU ♪
♪ MIGHT BE STANDING ALL
ALONE ♪
♪ AND LOVE DON'T DIE EASY...
♪
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING, SARAH?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
COME ON, I'VE
KNOWN YOU A LONG TIME.
YOU'RE FALLING IN LOVE
WITH HIM, AREN'T YOU?
HE'S HELPING ME ON MY RANCH,
I'M HELPING HIM
PLAN HIS WEDDING.
EXACTLY.
HIS WEDDING.
HE'S MARRYING
SOMEBODY ELSE,
HE'S LEAVING
THIS TOWN.
I KNOW.
I CARE ABOUT
YOU, SARAH.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO
SEE YOU GET HURT.
♪ ...AND IT WON'T BE DENIED
♪
♪ IT STIRS WHAT IT DOES ♪
♪ AND THERE AIN'T NO WAY
TO KILL IT ♪
♪ WHEN IT'S COURSING
THROUGH YOUR BLOOD ♪
♪ SHOOT AN ARROW
THROUGH THE HEART ♪
♪ BUT THE HEART
KEEPS ON BEATING ♪
♪ LOVE DON'T DIE EASY ♪
[♪♪♪]
♪ IT'S THAT OLD MAN
AT THE COUNTER ♪
♪ EVERY MORNING SHARP AT
9:00 ♪
♪ THE WAY
SHE STOOD HIM UP FOR COFFEE
♪
♪ SOME 50 YEARS GONE BY ♪
♪ IT'S THAT FOOL RIGHT HERE
IN FRONT OF YOU ♪
♪ HOPING YOU MIGHT CHANGE
YOUR MIND ♪
♪ 'CAUSE LOVE
DON'T DIE EASY... ♪
SARAH?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU LAST
NIGHT?
I WAITED...
GOOD MORNING.
MR. FERGO,
I WASN'T EXPECTING YOU.
WELL, I CAME BY TO DELIVER
SOME GOOD NEWS.
WE GOT A SOLID OFFER
ON YOUR HOUSE.
THEY WANT TO
MOVE IN RIGHT AWAY.
IT'S AN ALL-CASH OFFER.
I'M NOT SURE I WANT TO SELL.
I WAS THINKING
I MIGHT JUST KEEP THE HOUSE.
WELL, THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
YEAH, I'M BEGINNING TO SEE
HOW IMPORTANT IT IS
TO HOLD ON TO YOUR ROOTS.
WELL, MAYBE YOU CAN TALK
SOME SENSE INTO YOUR
NEIGHBOR.
SHE'S GOING TO
LOSE HER RANCH SOON
IF SHE DOESN'T
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO PAY HER MORTGAGE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, SHE'S WAITING FOR
SOME FUNDING TO COME IN,
BUT SHE'S WAY BEHIND
ON HER PAYMENTS.
THE PEOPLE LEAVE HER THEIR
SICK
OR OLD HORSES TO TAKE CARE
OF,
THEY DON'T PAY THEIR BILLS,
AND SHE GETS STUCK.
HUH...
AND HER FLOWER BUSINESS
ISN'T ENOUGH
TO CARRY THE RANCH.
IS THAT RIGHT?
MORNING.
LAST NIGHT WAS FUN.
I TRIED TO FIND YOU
WHEN I WAS LEAVING, BUT...
OH, YEAH, SORRY,
I HAD TO DUCK OUT.
I... I WAS EXHAUSTED,
AND I GOT SO MUCH WORK
TO GET DONE.
WELL, I'LL GO GET MY TOOLS
AND GET TO WORK
ON THE FENCES.
NO, YOU TAKE
THE DAY OFF.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
I JUST... GOT TO
GET THIS DONE.
UH...
YOU KNOW,
I WANTED TO THANK YOU
FOR LOOKING AFTER MY YARD
AND MY FLOWERS ALL THESE
YEARS.
IT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
WERE GREAT NEIGHBORS TO US.
WELL, I-I WANTED TO PAY YOU
FOR THE WORK
THAT YOU DID.
I FEEL LIKE
IT'S ONLY FAIR--
NO, NO,
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE UP TO.
YOU'VE BEEN TALKING
TO JAMES FERGO?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT ME.
I GOT MY LETTER,
AND MY FUNDING CAME THROUGH,
SO I'M GOING TO BE JUST
FINE.
WELL... THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
OKAY, WELL, GOTTA
GET BACK TO THIS.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
[MUTTERING SOFTLY]
ALLEN, GRACE...
HELLO!
SO...
ARE YOU STILL PLANNING ON
GOING TO TEXAS THIS WEEKEND?
I AM.
I'M ACTUALLY
REALLY EXCITED TO SEE
WHERE BRADLEY CAME FROM.
SOMEONE SENT ME THIS
EARLY THIS MORNING.
WHO IS THIS?
ACCORDING TO THE ARTICLE,
SARAH STANDOR,
A CHILDHOOD FRIEND.
THE GIRL WHO SENT
THE LETTER AND THE RING?
THE NERDY GIRL
WITH BRAIDS?
SHE AGED WELL.
YOU NEED TO GO
TO TEXAS. NOW.
[HORSES NICKERING]
HEY.
ARE YOU AVOIDING ME?
NO, I'VE JUST BEEN REAL
BUSY.
THE FENCES LOOK GOOD.
I GOTTA GET GOING.
I'VE GOT A FLOWER DELIVERY.
I'LL COME WITH YOU.
NO, I GOT IT.
I DECIDED
TO KEEP THE HOUSE.
I'M NOT SELLING IT.
WHY?
I THINK YOU HELPED ME
REMEMBER THAT.
DO YOU THINK CATHERINE
WILL LIKE IT HERE?
WELL, I DON'T SEE WHY NOT.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S BEAUTIFUL AND CALM,
PEOPLE ARE FRIENDLY,
THE AIR IS CLEAN.
[CHUCKLES SADLY]
HEY!
WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH YOU?
YOU WANT THE TRUTH?
'CAUSE LIKE YOU SAID,
YOU'VE GOT A LOT PEOPLE
IN YOUR LIFE
WHO TELL YOU WHAT THEY THINK
YOU WANT TO HEAR,
SO MAYBE YOU LIKE IT THAT
WAY.
I'D RATHER HEAR THE TRUTH.
OKAY, WELL, YOU'RE ABOUT
TO MARRY A WOMAN
YOU BARELY KNOW.
YOU DON'T KNOW
HER FAVORITE COLOR,
HER FAVORITE FLOWER.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF SHE WANTS TO
HAVE A FAMILY.
I MEAN, IT SEEMS TO ME
YOU KNOW
NOTHING ABOUT HER AT ALL.
NO, I KNOW EVERYTHING
I NEED TO KNOW.
WHY ARE YOU HERE
PLANNING YOUR WEDDING
WITHOUT HER?
WHY AM I HERE
MAKING ALL DECISIONS
SHE SHOULD BE MAKING?
WHERE IS SHE?
I TOLD YOU,
SHE'S--
SHE'S BUSY FILMING.
OKAY, LOOK,
YOU AND I HAVE BEEN FRIENDS
A LONG TIME,
SO I'M GONNA SHOOT YOU
STRAIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
YOU CAN'T MARRY CATHERINE
MANN.
YOU DON'T LOVE HER.
I DO.
I DO LOVE HER.
WHY DID YOU KISS ME?
I SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THAT.
ALL RIGHT?
I'M SORRY, I JUST...
I JUST GOT CAUGHT UP
IN THE MUSIC AND THE...
AND THE MOMENT.
SO, THAT'S ALL THAT WAS?
YOU GOT CAUGHT UP IN THE
MOMENT?
YEAH.
[SIGHS]
LOOK, I GET
THAT YOU'RE SCARED, OKAY?
YOU GOT YOUR HEART BROKEN
AS A KID,
AND YOU ARE AFRAID
TO LOVE TOO MUCH
EVER AGAIN--
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT,
LOVE IS SCARY!
IT IS TERRIFYING
TO PUT YOUR HEART OUT THERE,
BUT YOU DO IT ANYWAY.
YOU DO IT
IN SPITE OF THE FEAR,
BECAUSE A LIFE WITHOUT LOVE,
THAT'S JUST HALF A LIFE.
AND YOU DON'T GET MARRIED
'CAUSE YOU LIKE THE SAME
THINGS,
AND 'CAUSE YOU LIVE
SIMILAR LIFESTYLES.
YOU GET MARRIED
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T STAND
THE THOUGHT
OF NOT BEING TOGETHER.
YOU GET MARRIED BECAUSE
YOU LOVE THE OTHER PERSON
WITH YOUR WHOLE HEART!
NO, THAT'S...
THAT'S JUST A FANTASY.
MAYBE IT IS.
BUT I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD SETTLE FOR LESS.
YOU KNOW, JUST 'CAUSE
YOU KNEW ME WHEN I WAS A
KID,
IT DOESN'T MEAN YOU KNOW ME
NOW.
[SIGHS] YEAH,
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
LOOK, YOU AND ME
HAD A DEAL.
OKAY?
YOU'D HELP ME MEND MY
FENCES,
AND I'D HELP YOU
PLAN YOUR WEDDING, SO...
I GUESS WE'RE DONE.
[♪♪♪]
[CATHERINE'S VOICEMAIL
MESSAGE]
THIS IS ME. WHO ARE YOU?
HEY, CATHERINE,
IT'S, UH, IT'S ME.
CALL ME WHEN YOU GET THIS.
WE NEED TO TALK.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
CATHERINE!
YOU'RE HERE!
WELL, WE'RE GETTING MARRIED
IN A COUPLE OF DAYS.
I THOUGHT IT WAS TIME
I RECLAIM MY COWBOY.
LET ME GET YOUR BAGS.
ALL RIGHT.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
SELLING THIS PLACE.
WASN'T THAT WHOLE REASON
OF COMING HERE?
WELL, I WAS,
BUT THEN I GOT HERE,
AND REALIZED MAYBE
I SHOULD HOLD ONTO IT.
WHY?
WELL, I GREW UP HERE.
THIS IS MY HOME.
LISTEN, I'M
SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
I'VE LEARNED
SO MUCH ABOUT MYSELF
OVER THE LAST COUPLE OF
WEEKS.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
JUST SOME
OLD CLOTHES.
WORK CLOTHES.
WORK?
LOOK, I THOUGHT WE COULD
KEEP THIS HOUSE AS A HOME
BASE
FOR WHEN WE'RE NOT WORKING.
THEN WE COULD SPEND TIME
HERE
WITH OUR CHILDREN.
TEACH THEM HOW TO FISH
AND RIDE HORSES.
GIVE THEM SOMETHING REAL,
SOMETHING OUT OF THE
SPOTLIGHT.
OUR... OUR CHILDREN?
YOU WANT TO HAVE CHILDREN,
DON'T YOU?
I MEAN, I KNOW WE NEVER
DISCUSSED IT, BUT...
WE LOVE EACH OTHER
AND WE'RE GETTING MARRIED.
WE HAVE A LIFETIME
TO LEARN EVERYTHING WE NEED
TO KNOW ABOUT EACH OTHER.
HMM?
I WANT WHAT YOU WANT.
SO, WHY DON'T I GET CHANGED,
AND YOU CAN MAKE
RESERVATIONS
SOMEPLACE NICE,
AND WE'LL GO OUT
ON THE TOWN AND CELEBRATE.
WELL, THERE'S A DINER IN
TOWN,
BUT THERE AREN'T ANY FANCY
RESTAURANTS CLOSE BY.
WHERE DO PEOPLE EAT?
[CHUCKLES]
AT HOME.
THEY COOK.
LOOK...
IT'S GONNA BE GREAT, ALL
RIGHT?
WE'RE GONNA GET UP EARLY
TOMORROW MORNING,
I'M GONNA TAKE YOU ON THAT
HIKE,
THEN WE CAN GO FISHIN'.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT,
I PROMISE.
AS LONG AS WE'RE TOGETHER,
EVERYTHING IS PERFECT.
HAVE YOU, UH,
SEEN YOUR NEIGHBOR,
THE ONE
WHO SENT YOU THE RING?
SARAH?
YEAH, SHE, UH,
SHE HAS A HORSE RESCUE
RANCH NEXT DOOR.
WONDERFUL.
SHE DEPENDS ON FUNDING
TO KEEP IT RUNNING.
I'M NOT SURE SHE GOT IT.
I OFFERED TO HELP,
BUT SHE'S TOO STUBBORN
TO LET ME.
YOU'RE SUCH
A GOOD MAN.
THE BANK IS THREATENING
TO SELL HER RANCH
IF SHE DOESN'T COME UP WITH
THE MONEY SOON.
WHAT A SHAME.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
SHE'S A GREAT GIRL.
SHE HELPED US PLAN
OUR WHOLE WEDDING.
HELLO.
YES, THE SUN RANCH.
NO, NEXT DOOR.
THE YELLOW HOUSE,
RED BARN.
RURAL ROUTE 8, MILLTOWN.
GREAT.
THANK YOU.
WHAT WAS THAT
ALL ABOUT?
I JUST ORDERED
A FEW THINGS
TO MAKE OUR WEDDING
A LITTLE MORE COMFORTABLE.
I TOLD YOU
I'D TAKE CARE OF IT.
YOU KNOW, I ORDERED
A CAKE AND FLOWERS--
AND I'M SURE YOU DID
A GREAT JOB.
BUT WE'LL HAVE
OUR REHEARSAL DINNER,
THEN WE'LL GET TO ITALY,
AND BACK TO
OUR REAL LIVES.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU KNOW,
I LOVE THIS PLACE.
I CAN SEE THAT.
SO...
HOW LONG DO WE ACTUALLY
NEED TO STAY
OUT HERE FOR?
YOU'LL KNOW
WHEN YOU'RE DONE.
[SIGHING]
OKAY, I'M DONE.
HEY!
[SCREAMING]
CATHERINE!
GET ME OUTTA HERE!
HELP!
[BRADLEY]:
YOU ALL RIGHT?
I SUPPOSE.
I GOT YOU.
SIT DOWN HERE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU MADE ME DO THAT.
[GASPING]
LET'S TAKE THESE
OFF OF YOU.
OH!
COOPER, WE GOT IT.
LET'S SEE...
OH, NO.
[SIGHING HEAVILY]
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU BETTER
IN NO TIME.
GOOD MORNING!
CATHERINE.
HI!
IT'S SO NICE TO MEET YOU.
I'M A HUGE FAN.
OH, SORRY.
THANKS.
BRADLEY TOLD ME
WHAT YOU'RE DOING HERE,
RESCUING HORSES.
I'M... VERY IMPRESSED.
UH...
I LOVE THE WORK.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL HERE.
I CAN SEE WHY BRADLEY
LIKES IT SO MUCH.
HE ROMANTICIZES
WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE
TO SETTLE DOWN
AND RAISE A FAMILY HERE,
BUT THAT WILL NEVER HAPPEN.
NO?
WELL, ONCE
HE'S BACK ON TOUR,
JET-SETTING
AROUND THE WORLD,
LIKE HE DID BEFORE,
AND NEVER LOOK BACK.
HE HAS A GIFT,
SOMETHING HE NEEDS TO SHARE
WITH THE WORLD.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT, RIGHT?
I DO.
HE IS EXTRAORDINARY.
HE'S VERY CONCERNED ABOUT
YOU.
HE TOLD ME ABOUT
YOUR FINANCIAL TROUBLES,
AND I HAVE A FRIEND
IN THE BUSINESS,
WONDERFUL MAN.
THERE'S HIS NAME
AND ADDRESS.
HE TAKES IN HORSES
AND OTHER ANIMALS
THAT HAVE RETIRED FROM
WORKING
IN TV AND FILMS.
I CALLED HIM,
THINKING MAYBE HE COULD
HELP,
AND HE CAN.
HE HAS ROOM TO TAKE YOUR
HORSES
IF YOU NEED A PLACE
TO PUT THEM.
IN FACT,
HE'D LIKE
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT WORKING ON
HIS RANCH IN CALIFORNIA,
IF YOU MIGHT
BE INTERESTED.
THAT'S AMAZING.
IT'S SERENDIPITOUS.
I THINK YOU SHOULD
GRAB THE OPPORTUNITY
AND TALK TO HIM RIGHT AWAY.
-OKAY.
-I KNOW YOU'D LIKE HIM.
WELL, UH...
I HOPE YOU'LL
ACCEPT THIS
AS A GIFT FROM BRADLEY AND
ME.
WE WANT TO THANK YOU
FOR WORKING SO HARD
TO PUT OUR WEDDING TOGETHER.
I HAD MY ASSISTANT BOOK YOU
ON A FLIGHT
FOR TOMORROW MORNING.
[GASPS]
THIS IS VERY SWEET OF YOU.
YOU'LL HAVE TO MISS
THE WEDDING,
BUT THAT'S NOT AS IMPORTANT
AS SAVING YOUR HORSES, IS
IT?
NO.
[CHUCKLING IN SHOCK]
NO, OF COURSE NOT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
FOR DOING THIS.
A FRIEND OF BRADLEY'S
IS A FRIEND OF MINE.
CATHERINE!
HMM?
WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE FLOWER?
YELLOW ROSES.
WHY?
NO REASON.
THANKS FOR MEETING ME HERE.
GLAD YOU CALLED.
YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
HOW DO PEOPLE LOOK
WHEN THEY'RE... IN LOVE?
AND HOW DO THEY KNOW
THEY'VE CHOSEN
THE RIGHT PERSON,
THE ONE THEY'RE SUPPOSED TO
BE WITH FOREVER?
WELL, THE BRIDE GETS
THIS LOOK IN HER EYES
WHEN SHE KNOWS SHE'S DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
SHE WALKS
INTO THE CHURCH,
AND SHE LOOKS ACROSS
THE ROOM AT HER GROOM,
AND SHE'S GOT
THESE TEARS IN HER EYES,
LIKE SHE CAN'T SEE ANYBODY
ELSE,
SHE'S LOST IN THE MOMENT.
AND THAT'S IT?
BRADLEY,
THE QUESTION REALLY IS--
DO YOU LOVE HER?
OF COURSE.
I MEAN, SHE'S DONE
SO MUCH FOR ME,
FOR MY CAREER.
BUT DO YOU LOVE HER?
YES.
YOU KNOW, I--
I LOVE HER.
YOU SURE THIS IS
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO?
I AM, YEAH.
SO, I GUESS I'LL SEE YOU
AT THE WEDDING REHEARSAL.
YEAH.
OKAY.
THANKS.
YEAH, YOU BET.
[♪♪♪]
OKAY, LET'S GET STARTED.
BRADLEY, HUP-TWO.
ALL RIGHT, YOU'LL STAND
HERE NEXT TO ME,
FACED THIS WAY,
AND, CATHERINE,
WHEN THE MUSIC STARTS,
CROSS THAT BRIDGE,
DOWN THAT ROW,
AND THEN
YOU'LL WALK DOWN THE AISLE
TOWARDS BRADLEY.
GOT IT.
OKAY,
LET'S TRY THIS.
[CHAMBER QUARTET STARTS
PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
HI, JAMES.
HI, SARAH.
I'M REAL SORRY
ABOUT THIS.
YEAH. ME TOO.
THANK YOU.
[KNOCKING]
HELLO?
SARAH?
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU!
HELLO THERE!
AREN'T YOU BE SUPPOSED TO BE
GETTING READY FOR YOUR
WEDDING?
WHERE'S SARAH?
SHE'S GONE.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, SHE NO LONGER
OWNS THIS RANCH.
WHAT?
SHE WOULD NEVER SELL HER
RANCH.
SHE DIDN'T
HAVE A CHOICE.
SHE SIMPLY DIDN'T
HAVE ENOUGH MONEY
TO MAKE THE MORTGAGE.
THE BANK HAD TO SELL IT.
THEY DIDN'T HAVE A CHOICE.
I'M TAKING CARE OF THE DOGS,
BUT THE HORSES
ARE GETTING PICKED UP.
WELL, I'LL TALK TO THE
PEOPLE
WHO BOUGHT IT,
AND I'LL GET IT BACK.
WHO BOUGHT THE RANCH?
YOU DID.
EXCUSE ME.
THAT'S VERY GOOD.
THAT'S PERFECT.
CATHERINE?
YOU CAN'T COME IN HERE.
I NEED
TO SPEAK TO YOU.
YOU CAN'T SEE THE BRIDE
BEFORE THE WEDDING,
IT'S BAD LUCK!
DID YOU BUY
SARAH'S RANCH?
OKAY.
EVERYBODY OUT.
THE GROOM NEEDS TO SPEAK
TO THE BRIDE.
BRADLEY,
I KNOW HOW MUCH THIS PLACE
MEANS TO YOU,
AND I KNOW
YOU WANT TO KEEP IT.
WHAT'S THAT HAVE TO DO WITH
YOU BUYING SARAH'S RANCH?
WE CAN EXPAND
THE PROPERTY,
BUILD A NEW HOUSE HERE,
A REAL HOUSE,
A HOUSE WE CAN COME BACK TO.
A HOUSE WORTHY
OF PEOPLE LIKE US.
PEOPLE LIKE US?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
[SHUTTER SNAPS]
WHO-WHO THE HECK IS THAT?
[SHUTTER SNAPPING]
DO-DO YOU MIND?
HE'S WITH PEOPLE MAGAZINE.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I KNOW YOU DIDN'T WANT
THE MEDIA AT OUR WEDDING--
WE DISCUSSED THIS!
HE PROMISED
HE'D BE DISCREET.
YOU WON'T EVEN
NOTICE HIM.
RIGHT.
I LOVE ALL THE FLOWERS
FOR THE WEDDING.
HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT
YELLOW ROSES WERE MY
FAVORITE?
I DIDN'T.
SARAH MUST HAVE KNOWN.
YOU KNOW,
THAT RANCH IS HER HOME.
SHE'S LIVED THERE
HER ENTIRE LIFE.
I THINK IT'S SO SWEET
THAT YOU STILL CARE ABOUT
HER.
IT'S ONE OF THE REASONS
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I CAN'T MARRY YOU.
SORRY?
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
DO YOU LOVE ME?
OF COURSE I DO.
WHY?
BECAUSE WE'RE PERFECT
FOR EACH OTHER.
WE UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER.
WE WANT THE SAME THINGS.
I'M NOT GOING TO TOUR
FOR A WHILE.
I'M GOING TO LIVE HERE,
PLAY LOCALLY,
BUILD A STUDIO,
AND WRITE MUSIC.
THAT'S SO SILLY.
YOUR CAREER IS ON FIRE,
YOU'RE GAINING MOMENTUM--
CATHERINE.
I CARE ABOUT YOU,
I DO.
BUT IT'S JUST NOT ENOUGH.
I'M SORRY.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
WHOA! WHOA!
WHOA!
[♪♪♪]
HEY, WELCOME HOME, SARAH.
WELL, THANKS, SAM,
BUT IT'S NOT
HOME ANYMORE.
I'M JUST HERE
TO PACK UP.
OH, I SEE.
WHERE WILL YOU GO?
I DON'T KNOW.
HEY, I'M...
I'M SORRY.
THANKS, SAM.
SEE YOU AROUND.
[WHISTLING]
[BARKING IN EXCITEMENT]
[LAUGHING FONDLY] HI!
HI, GUYS!
HI!
IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE YOU!
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!
KELLY, WHAT ARE YOU
BARKING AT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON, YOU GUYS?
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS GOING?
WHAT GOT INTO YOU?
KELLY!
[BARKING EXCITEDLY]
KELLY, WHATCHA GOT THERE?
WHAT'S IN THERE?
[LAUGHS]
HI.
WHAT IS GOING ON?
DID YOU DECIDE
TO HAVE THE WEDDING TODAY?
WHERE'S CATHERINE?
I'M NOT SURE.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WELL...
I WAS THINKING
WE COULD RENEW OUR VOWS.
WE GOT MARRIED
WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
I THINK THAT WAS
OUR ONE CHANCE AT TRUE LOVE.
TRUE LOVE, HUH?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S ROMANTIC, NOT
REALISTIC.
I AGREE...
IT'S RARE,
BUT I DON'T WANT TO SETTLE
FOR LESS.
YOU DON'T?
MINT CHIP,
BLUE...
HORSES AND DOGS...
[CHUCKLES]
WHITE LILIES...
THIS RANCH...
AND THESE PEOPLE.
THOSE ARE
ALL MY FAVORITE THINGS.
I LOVE YOU
WITH ALL OF MY HEART,
AND I WANT TO WALK THROUGH
LIFE
LEANING AGAINST YOU
SO THAT NEITHER ONE OF US
FALLS.
YOU...
ARE MY TRUE LOVE.
SARAH STANDOR...
[SNIFFLES]
WILL YOU MARRY ME...
AGAIN?
MM-HMM.
[LAUGHS]
[APPLAUSE]
[CHEERS, SHUTTER SNAPS]
AND DO YOU, SARAH,
PROMISE TO LOVE BRADLEY
IN SICKNESS AND IN HEALTH,
FOREVER AND EVER?
I DO.
I NOW PRONOUNCE YOU
HUSBAND AND WIFE.
YOU MAY KISS THE BRIDE.
♪ WHEN YOU GOT SOMETHING
YOU KNOW IS TRUE... ♪
[APPLAUSE]
♪ A MAN DOES
WHAT HE HAS TO DO ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, THE COWBOY
RIDES AWAY ♪
♪ SOMETIMES, HE RIDES
BACK HOME TO STAY... ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org